here's the 2008 Lexus is350 with all the
options it's got the chrome wheels xenon
headlights tinted windows it's also got
the heated seats the air conditioned
seats memory seats right here it also
has an option it has the aftermarket
Lexus floor mats there are rubber floor
mats oh it's an all-weather floor mat
there you've got the rear window shade
right there cover it's got the push
start
we have eight thousand eight hundred and
thirteen miles on the car everything is
good to go you have steering wheel
controls paddle shifters you've got the
fold navigation menu also have the
backup camera tell you what's behind you
here are your controls for the heated
and air-conditioned seating right here
that's your CD changer but overall the
car is in excellent condition shows the
8,000 miles it's been well taken care of
there's the sunroof there and runs and
drives beautifully but all around the
car everything is really good you can
see no dings or dents down this side of
the car no scratches on the bumper
anywhere everything good there on this
right side everything lines up great
here the kuhmo tires on the chrome
wheels it's got the four-wheel disc
brakes overall ten on a 10 scale very
beautiful car and offered for sale
through CJ Pressman Auto 801 four six
seven six six zero six